fix(overlay): respect receives-focus (#6193)
adobe/spectrum-web-components: .changeset/overlay-receives-focus-false-modal.md

---
'@spectrum-web-components/overlay': patch
---

> **Fixed**: `receives-focus="false"` on Overlay is now respected for `type="modal"` and `type="page"` overlays. The focus-trap is now created with `initialFocus: false` when `receives-focus="false"`, so <kbd>Tab</kbd> is still trapped inside the modal but focus is not moved on open.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Fixed**: `receives-focus="false"` on Overlay is now respected for `type="modal"` and `type="page"` overlays. Modals and pages now leave focus on the trigger when receives-focus="false". The focus-trap is still active so Tab/Shift+Tab continue to cycle within the dialog.
```
